If you have installed GOG version of the game you can copy .ogg files from MUSIC subfolder to this folder.

List of required track names for full music support (ogg or mp3 support):

homm2_01.ogg - Random for Battle
homm2_02.ogg - Random for Battle
homm2_03.ogg - Random for Battle
homm2_04.ogg - Barbarian Castle
homm2_05.ogg - Sorceress Castle
homm2_06.ogg - Warlock Castle
homm2_07.ogg - Wizard Castle
homm2_08.ogg - Necromancer Castle
homm2_09.ogg - Knight Castle
homm2_10.ogg - Lava Theme
homm2_11.ogg - Wasteland Theme
homm2_12.ogg - Desert Theme
homm2_13.ogg - Snow Theme
homm2_14.ogg - Swamp Theme
homm2_15.ogg - Beach Theme
homm2_16.ogg - Dirt Theme
homm2_17.ogg - Grass Theme
homm2_18.ogg - Lost Game
homm2_19.ogg - New Week
homm2_20.ogg - New Month
homm2_21.ogg - Archibald Campaign
homm2_22.ogg - Map Puzzle
homm2_23.ogg - Roland Campaign
homm2_27.ogg - AI Turn
homm2_28.ogg - Battle Won
homm2_29.ogg - Battle Loss
homm2_30.ogg - Dungeon
homm2_31.ogg - Waterspring
homm2_32.ogg - Arabian
homm2_33.ogg - Hillfort
homm2_34.ogg - Treehouse
homm2_35.ogg - Demoncave
homm2_36.ogg - Experience
homm2_37.ogg - Skill
homm2_38.ogg - Watchtower
homm2_39.ogg - Xanadu
homm2_40.ogg - Ultimate Artifact
homm2_41.ogg - Main Menu
homm2_42.ogg - Scenario Victory
